If you do SMMA, watch this video
closely because I'm going to show you a
bot that will allow you to automate
your TikTok or Instagram accounts from
A to Z. It's a bot that lets me manage
hundreds of accounts and it has brought
me tens of millions of views over the
last few days. This is one of the first
videos you'll see on this subject. You
should know that in a few months, the
entire SMMA market will be getting into
it. All the biggest agencies will have
bots that will manage hundreds and
hundreds of accounts. If you want to
get ahead of your entire market and
have a bot that can automate your
entire content distribution, watch this
video until the end. So before getting
into the core of the value, I'll
explain what Gillark is because there
are still people who don't know what it
is. Gillark is simply software that
will allow you to manage hundreds or
even thousands of phones, whether
automatically or with VAs. So if you
manage it with VAs, watch this video
closely because it will allow you to
stop using VAs and automate it 100%.
And those who use Gillark's automations
, you will have an alternative to them.
This way, you can avoid getting your
accounts banned, since the automations
that Gillark puts in place are the same
for everyone. But anyway, we'll come
back to that in this video. So, what is
the bot I created actually going to be
used for? It will, of course, connect
the accounts automatically, whether
they are Instagram or TikTok accounts.
To connect them automatically, you will
need two-factor codes in the accounts
you buy from your providers. If these
are accounts you buy that only have the
username, password, email, and email
password, you won't be able to connect
the accounts automatically. So there
you go, I prefer to say it. So accounts
with two-factor codes are a bit more
expensive, but it saves you from having
to log into emails and receive
verification codes. You just give the
information your provider gave you to
the cloud or the bot, and it performs
the login automatically. Then, of
course, there's the automatic warmup
and, naturally, it bypasses pop-ups. So
, in the warmup, we naturally include
setting up a bio, setting up a profile
picture, changing the username if
needed, changing the display name,
posting stories, and so on and so forth
. And of course, at the end of the
warmup, it will start posting and
continue with a cruising-speed warmup
like a real human, because many people
only do a one-week warmup. Then, they
post but they don't do any more warmup.
Next, the results that it brought me.
So here, there you go, I'm zooming out.
We are at over 50 million views over
the last 30 days. I haven't put all my
accounts here, but well, if I had to
put all my accounts, there would be
over 100. But this way, you have an
idea of the views I get thanks to my
automations. So here, as you can see,
18 million views over the last 7 days,
and here 72 million views over the last
28 days, though. And of course, we also
show the flops, 87,000 views over the
last seven days. But there you go, for
the average stats, we are between
300,000 and 1 million views every 7
days. And here, each screen you see,
therefore, corresponds to a phone. Now,
how are we going to use the bot
concretely? There's just one thing to
do, which is connecting Guilar to the
bot. Then, you will be able to create
categories based on your phones. For
example, if you have one model or two
models, you can categorize the phones
according to the models. If you have
different niches, you can make a
category per niche. Then, we will move
on to the creation of the workflow. You
will see that in a moment. As soon as
the workflow is created, you will be
able to select the phones that will
take action. So if you don't want every
phone in a category to take action,
well, you can deselect them right here.
And then, we will click on launch and
the automation will start all by itself
. So, before showing you the creation
of the workflow, I will show you the
RPAs you will have access to for TikTok
. You should know that when you see
these screens, you might say, "OK, but
it's the same thing that Guillark
offers." We will come back to that
later, but the RPAs you see here are
coded in a completely different way
than those Guilar will offer you. So
first off, you will be able to choose
the behavior of each RPA. So for
example, during login, for how your
account types its credentials, you can
choose whether it types quickly,
normally, or slowly. So for me, I'm
going to set it to fast. And here, you
will have some questions to pre-fill
for all the RPAs. Once you've answered
them, it's set in stone, and when you
launch automations, it will happen
automatically. Next, for the workflow,
as you can see, you have access to all
of this. So for example, if I want to
simulate a realistic workflow, I'll set
it to login. Next, I'll tell the bot to
wait 22 to 28 hours before logging back
in. I can tell it to add a bio, change
the display name, start a warmup, wait
another 22 to 28 hours, and so on and
so forth. Essentially, this will save
you from sending prompts to CL code.
Here, you just have to fill in the
boxes, press launch, and it will run
all by itself. Now, for this video, we
aren't going to launch a workflow that
lasts a week, obviously. So, we're just
going to do a targeted warmup to show
you how it works. So once your workflow
is ready, you click on save. Here, you
will choose the phone category the
workflow needs to act upon. And here, I
can then select the phones on which the
workflow will act. So, I've put my
Gilark right next to you here. Once
that's done, we'll click on launch.
We'll choose if the phones start
instantly or if they have a delay in
launching. We'll set it to instant.
We'll click on yes and it will launch.
So, as you can see, they've been
running for 3 minutes, and we'll open
them to see if they are doing the job
we asked of them. So, if you want to
open a phone, you click on the little
button right here. This will allow you
to open the phone without disrupting
the automation happening inside it. So
here, as you can see, I've opened two
phones, and on both phones, it's
scrolling as you can see, and it
correctly went to the niche we
requested. So I had said, it seems to
me, OFM and Sophie Rain for the niches.
So here, on the left, as you can see,
it just scrolled and, of course, I am
touching absolutely nothing and, as you
can see, it is indeed scrolling through
the Sophie Rain niche on the left, and
on the right, it is scrolling through
the LFM niche. What we're going to do
is let them finish and go back to our
value of 7. Now, why is this tool super
powerful if you use Guilark? As I told
you at the beginning of the video,
Guilark already provides automations
for its clients. Except that these
automations will do exactly the same
thing for all of Guilark's clients.
This means that when you launch a
warmup with a Guilark automation, it
will do exactly the same thing as all
the other clients. So it will scroll at
the same time, it will like exactly on
the same pixel every single time. When
it clicks on a button, it will press
the pixel in the center of the button.
This means all the phones have the same
behavior. TikTok, Instagram, they flag
these behaviors and they ban you or in
the best case, they shadowban you, but
they'll shadowban you before you've
even posted your first video. Whereas
the difference with the bot I just
showed you is that just by answering
simple questions, you can choose its
behavior. On top of that, for example,
when it scrolls, it will never press
the same pixel. When it likes, it will
never click in the same spot. When it
clicks on a button, it will never click
exactly in the center of the button
every time. This means all your phones
will have different behavior from one
another. And even if you answer the
same questions on the RPA form as
another person, your phones will still
act in a different way regardless. So
there, I tried to make a simple diagram
for the SECPA. So Guilark on the left,
you have exactly the same behavior on
all phones, whereas on the right,
thanks to the bot, different
automations on each phone, you'll have
far fewer shadowbans, far fewer bans,
and above all, you'll have human
behavior on your phones. That's why
those doing Guilark with VAs, who have
good SOPs and know how to manage their
VAs, make a lot of money because they
have human behavior on their phones.
While 99%of people in the Guillark
market saw the automations Guillark was
putting in place. They said, "Oh great,
we're going to use them." And they got
screwed. Next, the strategies to
implement depending on the two social
networks. So you should know that with
the bot, you can use it for both TikTok
and Instagram. So if you want early and
free access to the bot, it will be
available to members of my Guillark
coaching program. So if you want to set
up a cloud phone strategy for your
models, send me a message at the link
right below and I'll see how I can help
you implement a Guillark strategy. Now,
as for the strategies, you should know
that on TikTok, we're really aiming for
the long term. TikTok has far fewer
bans than Instagram. However, the only
downside to TikTok is that it requires
a fairly long warmup. So one to two
weeks if you really want to be secure.
And another disadvantage of TikTok is
that it still converts much less
effectively than Instagram. Prospects
on TikTok will be a bit less qualified
than on Instagram, but your accounts
will last much longer. Whereas on
Instagram, it's the opposite; your
accounts will last a very, very short
time, but the quality of the leads you
bring in will be much higher than on
TikTok. That's why on Instagram—and
honestly, it pains me to tell you this
for free—the strategy that works best
on cloud phones is the "Kamikaze"
account method. You do zero warmup, you
just put your story up with a link that
redirects to your main account, you
post 3 to 4 reels, and you log out of
the account. If you've done your job
well with the content, it will convert
like crazy. However, if your content
isn't good enough, then it won't be of
any use. So, really ensure that whether
it's on TikTok or Instagram, you have
good content before you start scaling
to hundreds or even thousands of phones
. If you want to set all this up for
your OF/FM agency, and you want to post
hundreds and hundreds of reels or
TikToks every day and massively
increase your distribution, I've put my
WhatsApp link in the description. And
so, if you join my coaching program,
you'll benefit from it for free as soon
as the bot is released. With that, this
video is coming to an end. I hope you
enjoyed this video. Feel free to tell
me in the comments what topics you want
me to cover in a future video.
