Okay. Uh, welcome back. Uh, new Tik Tok
video. Um, just about going viral. This
video can be for creators or managers.
Uh, doesn't really matter, but this is
a, you know, new way of doing um, Tik
Tok that, you know, is it it's far
superior and far easier than, you know,
the old Tik Tok strategies, uh,
especially in OFM, um, that everyone's
posting on YouTube. Uh, I actually
haven't seen any, you know, recent ones.
The last one I've seen was from Patrick.
Uh, I did take a few things from there.
But I did add in my own stuff from what
I've tested uh with all the accounts
that I've been working. So yeah, I'm
going to teach you how to get from, you
know, 900 to probably even the best
views to, you know, going viral pretty
much every single time. Um, with Tik
Tok, it really is pretty easy. Uh, it's
not like some like, you know, method.
It's just about like finding what works
and, you know, doing it. And, you know,
it's also account stuff as well and
model creation. Um, this this is pretty
easy. Uh, I think even a 5-year-old can
do it, you know, with basic basic, you
know, common sense. It shouldn't be that
[ __ ] hard. So, a model can do this or
even um a manager can do this if you're
new to OFM. This should be a great easy
source of traffic for you. Um, so just
to know, Tik Tok should only be 20% of
where your traffic comes from. You know,
obviously I don't run your agency. I'm
not you. I'm not a man. I'm not a model.
So, if you want to use Tik Tok as your
only source of traffic, be my guest. But
this is where 20% of your traffic should
be coming from as an agency. The the
places where you're going to get the
most subs from are Tik Tok lives. So, we
build Tik Tok uh Tik Tok accounts to
get, you know, subs uh subs from the
lives, mainly the lives since they bring
in the most subs uh paid or free. It's
it's literally the best way to get a lot
of subs coming in uh every [ __ ]
second. Um it's it's it's [ __ ]
amazing. Tik Tok live uh Tik Tok live.
You can't use pre-recorded live. I don't
I don't want anyone to be doing [ __ ]
you know, black ass [ __ ] because that
[ __ ] doesn't even work anymore. If you
want to do it and waste your time, you
know, be my guest. But if you want
something that works and has been
tested, just use your main model. It
just the conversions are way better. If
you do want to scale with multiple
accounts, you can buy your models from
new phones or you can buy new phones if
you are the model.
uh videos being videos bring in you know
most subs as well if you know you go
viral which most people won't once you
get to a certain level even if you have
like a million followers or hundreds of
thousands of followers you can still
only average around 10,000 views uh to
30,000 views or 40,000 views. I've seen
it before. Um but they still bring in
some subs when you do go viral on a real
on a Tik Tok. So it shouldn't it
shouldn't really be that hard. But the
most thing the thing that you want to
focus on the most is live since they
bring the most subs. Uh you can do this,
you know, pretty much every night if you
want or schedule out a plan for your
your model so she can do them on um
specific dates. Anyways, let's get to um
the requirements. So what you're going
to need an iPhone X minimum. Uh if you
want, you can test an iPhone 8 if you do
have an iPhone 8 since I know most OF
managers have iPhone 8 from, you know,
the past 2025, 2024 with all these
methods. So I know you have iPhone 8
laying around. you can test them with
iPhone 8s. I've personally never tested
them with iPhone 8s. I've tested with
iPhone X's and they've done very well uh
every single time. Uh they they do very
well. So, iPhone XS are the minimum that
you're going to need. You're going to
need a good uh good-look model. It must
be quality. There's there's no exception
to this. If you do have ugly models or
if you are an ugly model, uh you know,
yeah, but if you're an agency who has an
ugly model, I don't know why you have an
ugly model, first of all. There's just
too much problems that that why would
you do that? Why would you go through
all these problems? Like if even if you
did have all the the the reals and
qualities of the Tik Toks going great,
your model is a big factor to whether
that video does go viral or not. So if
she's not high quality, then I don't
think it's for her and you should look
for someone else. I'm trying to help you
create a successful agency, not a shitty
one with shitty models.
So, uh, no VPN, no proxy, just, you
know, simple SIM card. I use personally
mobile data. Um, you can test out Wi-Fi
if you want. I personally use mobile
data and if I want to hotspot to my
other iPhone X's, I just hotspot and it
does completely well for me. You You
just want to keep things super simple
over here. The KIS principle, keep it
super simple. If it's not If it's not
simple, don't do it. It's not worth your
time. Uh, you're going to need five
accounts max per phone. So when you're
starting out, I recommend you create
five accounts cuz with Tik Tok, the
account are either dead accounts or
great accounts. Accounts do play a
factor, but obviously the content
matters the most and the way it was it
was created the content. So five
accounts per phone. If one account [ __ ]
up, cool. You have another account to to
create the content with. All right,
next warm up strategy. Very [ __ ]
simple. It's just going to be a one day
warm up. All you're going to do is
scroll and look at OF girls like Sophie
Rain. You can scroll for 10 minutes,
engage with the content. Uh look at
other OF girls. You can follow. Uh for
me, the max that I followed was around
20 females. Uh and that worked for me.
That worked for me. It could be less, it
could be more, doesn't matter. Uh you
just want to act human. Uh you can
comment if you want, but just act like a
human. You just want to add in the
profile picture, add in the bio. Um you
know, verify your verify your account
with an email. uh phone number as well.
Does the location of the account matter?
No. No, not really.
It actually it kind of does a little
bit. Um so what you can do, what I've
noticed as well when I was setting up
like with UK models, uh I'd use my UK
sim and it would sometimes get like
majority of the audience is from the UK,
which is absolutely horrible. So if
you're in the US, you know, good on you.
But if you're anywhere else, try and try
try your best to get a US audience. Uh
use a US SIM. Uh if you're a female
watching this, uh ideally you should be
from, you know, the US. If you're not
from the US, um
yeah, just, you know, your type, your
target audience would probably be
someone from a country that you are, but
the US is primarily the the country that
we do want to target for tier one
audience and tier one subscribers,
right?
Recommendations over here. Like I said,
five accounts. Um, five accounts. Uh,
some are here miss. If the if one is,
you know, [ __ ] just go to the next one.
Uh, and then that's it. Once you're done
warming it up, just let it sit for 24
hours and you can post, right? All
right. Cool. So, content research is the
most important part for actually finding
content ideas to actually post. So, what
you want to do, create a Google
spreadsheet. All right. I'm not going to
tell you how to create a Google
spreadsheet. It should be simple. You
want to list out different verticals
that you can find on Tik Tok, right?
because some verticals that work on
Instagram you know might not work for
your creator on Tik Tok because you know
obviously Tik Tok Instagram different
platforms so it won't work it won't from
what I've seen personally with I had a
friend who went viral super viral off of
amigo on Instagram tried to do it on Tik
Tok just never went well so content from
Instagram and Tik Tok should always be
completely separate you don't want to
copy videos from I I know some models as
well that they tell me hey I just
download uh content from Tik Tok and I
repurpose repost it onto Instagram. You
can do that if you want, but just know
you won't be getting much views. Um I've
never seen an off girl do it before and
it it actually, you know, go viral. So,
you know, do it on your own risk. I'm
telling you what works. So, create a
spreadsheet uh or create a list
somewhere uh and find different
verticals that are in Tik Tok that you
can see other creators doing. It could
be captions. It could be, you know,
sexual captions. It could be skits. It
could be omega content. It could be
dancing videos. Dancing videos don't
really perform as well unless you're,
you know, uh, Supreme and Carpenter or,
you know, Kim Kardashian's level of uh,
beautiful um, realistically. But, but
you want to create the example video uh,
the examples of the verticals and then
for each of those verticals you have
listed, you want to research uh, deep
dive directly into them. So, let's say
for instance, I'm going to use the
Omegle vertical since that is the most
common um and easiest one. I'm not
saying you want you should do Omegle
content, you know, cuz it is pretty hard
for some models and it's too much
effort. But what you can do for illegal
content, uh I'm using, for example,
search up illegal content on Tik Tok or,
you know, that specific vertical that
you're going to be doing on Tik Tok.
Research other girls that are doing it,
right? You want to research other girls
that are doing it. Uh and what I've
noticed as well which is the most uh
important thing important note is that
in these specific years right uh
specific months of the year where when a
video goes viral it tends to be at a
specific month where all the creators
are doing that one specific video. So
let's say for instance last year um last
year
March or February there was this one
trend where you had to pretend to suck a
dick uh in the camera and you would you
would go stupidly viral. Now if you do
that it doesn't work. So what I've
noticed is most of these things are
trend based trendbased months right
where you can just only have a certain
time period to keep rinsing the [ __ ] out
of it before you move on to the next
trend or the next thing that's working.
But when you do when you do do these
trends and you find them, you can 100%
go guaranteed, right? It's it's it's
you'll go viral 100% guaranteed. Uh I've
been doing it. It's it's been working
every single time. Even for creators
that are [ __ ] lazy as [ __ ] they
still go viral. Um obviously I still
drop those lazy creators. I don't take
lazy creators, but even when they do it,
they go stupidly viral.
Um, so yeah, when you're researching uh
researching content for Tik Tok, you
want to make sure it has at least 3 to
10x uh the the videos the views have 3
to 10x the amount of uh views than the
followers. So if it has more followers
uh than the views, then you know it's
it's it's not great. You want to find
out the average views for that one
creator. And whatever gets, you know,
more than the average, more than the
average, like 3x the average or 10x the
average, those are the viral videos
that, you know, you can potentially put
in your list and see um potentially use.
But you want to make sure these videos
are recent. You don't want to use old
ones, okay? Cuz old trends from like
2020 don't work probably in 2026, like 6
years ago. You you want to use common
sense, use your brain. Um, just use a
[ __ ] you want to make sure you
research recent rules with Tik Tok. With
Instagram probably it's it might not be
the case, but with Tik Tok it's
definitely the case with trends. Trends
come and go very fast on in uh Tik Tok.
So, you have to be up to date with the
trends on Tik Tok and do your research
um do your research physically. Okay.
Next, you want to get a list of the
viral videos that you like and try it
out with the creator. Create a fivewe
Tik Tok plan um and plan it out on a
Google sheet. It it should be easy. Just
copy and paste them. Have a structured
plan for your creators so she's not
confused. Okay? You want to, like I
said, k i ss. Keep it stupid simple. If
it's not stupid simple, don't don't send
it out to her. You're going to confuse
her. You're going to confuse yourself.
Things are going to be unorganized.
You're going to be seen as a
unprofessional agency. She's going to go
off to the next agency and she's going
to call your agency [ __ ] You don't want
that. That's your reputation on the
line. You don't want that. Cool. Once
you get that done, move on to the next
one. Right. When do you ditch an
account? Cuz this is the most important
thing. uh when you make your first post
and and and this is very very important,
right? So, if it has less than 200
views, you want to scrap the account
immediately. No questions asked. Less
than 200 views in in 24 hours, that's a
[ __ ] account. You don't want that,
right? If it has more than 200 views and
less than a,000 views, your content is
just ass.
And if your video gets 10k views in 24
hours, this is a golden account. I might
This may seem like too much views, but
but this is just how it goes. Trust me,
trust me when I say if you understand
this and and you can get this down, you
you will be printing and making you will
be printing so much money. Um well, not
so much money, but you'll be you'll be
printing a lot of views. Um the money
does come with, you know, the model and
if she's, you know, wanting to do
content and she's, you know, [ __ ]
motivated, which, you know, you rarely
rarely ever [ __ ] get. Um so if you
do, you know, treat that model well. um
treat her with respect, treat her, you
know, because model long-term uh you
want to keep a long-term relationship
with your model because, you know, it
should just be common sense, right? But
more than 10k views, an account, right?
And this is a very important note as
well. Your creator should never you or
the creator should never ever create the
content on Tik Tok, right? Tik Tok has
metadata for any content on the Tik Tok.
So, you can't re if you repost it if the
the creator um cuz we had this one
problem with uh one of our newest
creators. she created uh the Tik Tok on
her main account to lip sync or
whatever. Um and then she sent the the
raw content to us. Uh she sent the
downloaded content to us and then when
when when it was posting it, we was
getting zero views and I was like, "Why
are we getting zero views?" And then I
was like, "Okay, let me just confirm
with her if she's she's doing this." Uh
she changed it. She just created the uh
content for us um without Tik Tok, just
on camera. You just want to do it on
camera. Nothing nothing too crazy. uh
and then you'll start seeing views. But
if you repost uh the videos that are
downloaded from Tik Tok, you will get
zero views uh guaranteed. If you do get
one to two views, that's probably
yourself that you watched it. Um so
yeah, so what do you do once you get a
viral video, right? You're going to copy
what the billion dollars, billion dollar
companies do, you're going to milk it
dry like Dragon Ball Nut. Like look at
this [ __ ] [ __ ] OVAs, movies,
seasons, third seasons, Baruto. Like
nobody liked this [ __ ] but they milked
the [ __ ] dry. Milk it the [ __ ] dry like
Dragon Ball. You got to milk it, right?
Once you milk it, you should be great,
right? But I'm going to teach you. I'm
going to show you one one more thing
that nobody else in is doing right now.
And this will increase your conversion
rate
by 200%. Right. Uh wrong wrong thing.
Let me find it right here. So the old
way of funneling people used to be, you
know, yes, I have one link in IG bio
sign, right? Or yes, I have one or the
blue and blue and white. So you take
people from you take people from Tik Tok
to IG to your link, right? And it's just
from there is just too many distractions
cuz even if you do put the Instagram
link over here, it's like it's not a
deep link. So once they get into the
link, they'd have to click it and click
the three dots on the top or if they if
they're on Tik Tok, they have to sign in
on Tik Tok, which it just lowers the
conversion. Each time it does this, it
lowers the conversion. When they go on
IG, they're looking at your creator's,
you know, pictures and videos and
they're probably going to goon to it,
right? No, that's not what I do. This
was the old way, right? And I I feel
like I'm the only person off doing this.
I think there are some people some
people doing it but what I do I have
this this funnel which may sound
complicated but when I implemented this
funnel I 200% the clicks on on my G
spire. So what I do I use a link tree.
So on the link tree I'd have IG I'd have
the IG on the top. So it's not only just
like the off [ __ ] and it's shady. So I'd
have the IG on the top and I'd have the
second one saying more of me, right? the
more of me it takes them to a beacons
and inside the beacons they're still
going to be on the Tik Tok Tik Tok web
browser right while they're in the Tik
Tok web browser the beacons it has um
the bio in the bio it says click the
three dots on the top um and then you
know click the page on click the link
whatever so it takes them out of Tik Tok
which is great now they don't have to be
now they can't now it's cuz when they
try and open the off link on um when
they try and open the off link on Tik
Tok, they're going to be on the Tik Tok
browser and they have to sign in or just
might not even show them because it's 18
plus and it's restricted. So, you can't
do that. They have to click the three
dots. It may sound complicated, but
trust me, you just use an emoji. Sound
like a girl. Sound like you're not
forcing them to do a task. Sound like
you know you're being flirty and you
know you know telling them what to do as
well, right? You don't want to be too
direct. Anyways, so what I also do, I
have another link down here. This is a
juicy bio. I use a juicy bio. This is
Shane Frances. By the way, if the colors
um the colors are weird because I have
it inverted because I want I want the my
board to be black. I don't want it to be
white because it hurts my eyes. Uh I'm
not sensitive. It's just I just don't
like, you know, bright things. Um you
know, everything looks great in black,
you know, except females obviously, but
we don't we don't go there. But listen,
what what I do, I have the the juicy
bio, and the juicy bio, obviously, I use
it so I can track my um my analytics.
Uh, but the name of it says, um, you
know, let's talk blah blah blah with a
jalapeno, right? Jalapino. You want to
make it flirty, boom. And from there,
like that's literally 200% more clicks.
200% more clicks. You get double the
clicks. Double free clicks. And it's not
a complicated funnel as in IG where they
get they get distracted. It's no, it's
it's it's from Tik Tok. They click the
Tik Tok link, they go to beacons, and
then they're already on the O of I use a
deep link, by the way, so it takes them
directly. So when they click it, they're
on the Safari, and then juicy bio takes
them directly to the O of. So this is a
way to 200% the the clicks. And
obviously from there, it's up to you,
you know, on your chatting team, how
your model looks on the conversion from
the sales, right? You could get, I don't
know, 300 subs, right? 300 subs and pull
like 400 or $500 a day. That is due to
your bad chatters or your model looking
collapsed. So, you got to fix up your
model, fix up fix up, you know, the
chatting and you should be great. Um,
and from there, I think that is uh all
you need to honestly start up IG uh Tik
Tok. It's [ __ ] easy as [ __ ] in 2026.
Um, honestly, if if if you don't if
you're not going viral with this [ __ ]
honestly, you should just quit OFM or
you should quit OFA if you're a model. I
don't think it's for you. I'm just being
straight up honest with you. Um, but
yeah, it should be [ __ ] simple as
[ __ ] If you do have any questions and
if you are looking for management,
here's my uh Instagram, COFM. If you
have any questions about, you know, uh,
management or if you need help with
anything, just let me know. KFM and you
can join my free Telegram group in the
bio in in the description of the video.
Uh, it's just t.m memsboy
and uh, you should be great. All right,
take care, guys.
