So, welcome back to another video. In
this video, I'll go over Reddit
marketing for only fans. But before I
get into that, I want to let you guys
know I have a private community where I
teach others how to start and scale
their OFM agencies. And in there, I
share every marketing strategy I use in
my own agency, including Reddit. Now,
this is a result from one of the
students inside my community. He's made
over $9,000 in 7 days with just one
Reddit account. In this video, I'll show
you how to get similar results with
Reddit. So, make sure you stay till the
end. So, first things first, account
setup. We create our accounts on phones
and we only run them on phones. Why?
Because it's the safest way to run
Reddit accounts for Only Fans in 2026.
Literally, just get any Android phone,
buy a SIM card with a data plan, and
only use mobile data, never Wi-Fi. Using
Wi-Fi will get you banned. Another thing
to keep in mind is do not buy accounts.
Most people do this and this is a big
reason why people get banned. Reddit
obviously knows that this is something
most people do. If you buy an account
for example which is made in US in a
certain city and you log in from
somewhere else, Reddit will pick it up
and ban you. So don't bother buying
accounts and make them yourself. Now
warm up. For the first two to three
weeks, you'll just warm up the account
and let it age. During the warm-up
period, all we do is scroll every day,
up vote one to two times, comment once
per day, join a few safer work
subreddits. Now, when it comes to karma
farming for post karma, I keep it very
simple. I don't overthink it. I go on
Instagram and find animal content that
already performed well. You know, cute
stuff, funny stuff, you know, those cat
videos, download it, and then post it in
a matching animal on Reddit. for
example, cute cats or whatever the
communities are when it comes to cats or
other animals. Because if it worked on
Instagram, it'll probably work on
Reddit, too. But you have to post in
subreddits that actually have reach. If
the subreddit's dead, your post gets no
views. So, the subreddit choice matters
just as much as the content. And also,
don't spam. Don't do like 15 posts in
one day. One or two a day while you're
also doing comments. Then for common
karma, find posts that are new but like
about to blow up. Let's say you're going
to tu or it. So you're going to one of
those two subreddits and you find a post
like a new post and you write replies
people agree with like look at the top
comment in those posts, the comment
which has gotten the most up votes and
write something similar. Now posting and
account setup. Once you're done with a
warm-up, start posting. Increase by one
post per day until you reach 20 posts
per day. Posting and account setup. Once
you're done with warm-up, start posting.
Start with one a day and increase one
post each day until you reach 20 posts
per day. Set up your account, your
Reddit avatar, bio, and add your link.
Also, another thing, make a pin post
with the CDA telling people to check the
first comment on that post where you put
your OF link. If you want examples of
how to make your pin post, they're in my
community. Niche specific accounts.
Every account we run is niche specific.
For example, one account can be s niche,
one can be feed, one can be boobs.
Obviously, you can do a lot more
specific niches than that. Your goal on
Reddit is to build a fan base of people
that like that specific thing. If you
post, for example, in a feed subreddit
and they go into your account and they
see you posted something different
because you're just posting everywhere
on different subreddits without a niche,
they might be less interested. But if
all they see is the thing that they
like, they might subscribe, pay for a
custom, pay for videos. But if all they
see is the thing that they like, they
might subscribe, pay for a custom, pay
for videos, and this way you can run
multiple Reddit accounts for the same
model. Now, when it comes to spoofing
content, for images, use a Telegram bot
like Clean Slip Bot, and for videos, use
Red GIFs. Just make a new link for each
video because that counts as spoofing
because it's a different link. Now,
subreddits. The subreddits you're
posting will decide how many subs you
get per day. You want to find niche
specific subreddits that your model will
fit in. There's subreddits for different
niches based on ethnicity, body type,
and fetishes. I usually go for a mix of
general subreddits and niched ones. Now,
like I said at the start of the video, I
have a private community where I share
my exact Reddit strategy. So, inside my
group, my students get the full Reddit
creation guide, exactly how I make the
accounts, warm-up and karma farming
strategy, how much post karma and common
karma you need before you start posting,
my exact posting strategy. I also give
them my Reddit master list which has
2500 plus subreddits for every niche
fully filterable and also a list of 200
plus no karma requirement subreddits for
new accounts. Basically inside you'll
learn exactly how I run Reddit for my
own agency. So if you want my full
Reddit strategy, DM me the word Reddit
on Telegram. Link is in the description
and yeah, it's not free. This is
everything I use in my own agency. So,
if you're serious, hit me up, message me
the word Reddit, and I'll get you inside
my community. Thank you for watching.
